= Merge Redmine

Plugin to merge two Redmine databases.

== Features

* __FEATURE__

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/___XXX___/files] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/___XXX___]


== Installation and Setup

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins 
2. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)
3. Run the merge as described below

== Usage

Make sure you backup both of your databases.  There is no undo for these commands.

=== Define the second database (Source)

Edit the config/database.yml in the Redmine root, adding a definition for the source_redmine:

    production:
      adapter: mysql
      host: localhost
      username: root
      password: password
      database: redmine_target

    source_redmine:
      adapter: mysql
      host: localhost
      username: root
      password: password
      database: redmine_import

=== Run the database merge

Run the included rake task from the Redmine root "rake redmine:merge_redmine RAILS_ENV=production"

=== Check your data

When it's completed, the contents of the source_redmine database (redmine_import above) should have been merged into your production database (redmine_target).

=== Tips

* Before running the rake task, run "rake redmine:data_report RAILS_ENV=production" to print out the total number of records you are using in your target database.  After the migration, you can rerun this to see how many were added.

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

